androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$anim
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$bool
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
com/google/android/datatransport/backend/cct/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.backend.cct.R
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
com/cutit/technource/MainActivity.java
 com.cutit.technource.MainActivity
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.api.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
com/cutit/technource/R.java
 com.cutit.technource.R
 com.cutit.technource.R$anim
 com.cutit.technource.R$animator
 com.cutit.technource.R$attr
 com.cutit.technource.R$bool
 com.cutit.technource.R$color
 com.cutit.technource.R$dimen
 com.cutit.technource.R$drawable
 com.cutit.technource.R$id
 com.cutit.technource.R$integer
 com.cutit.technource.R$interpolator
 com.cutit.technource.R$layout
 com.cutit.technource.R$menu
 com.cutit.technource.R$string
 com.cutit.technource.R$style
 com.cutit.technource.R$styleable
 com.cutit.technource.R$xml
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
 androidx.savedstate.R$id
com/google/android/gms/measurement_base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement_base.R
com/google/firebase/R.java
 com.google.firebase.R
 com.google.firebase.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.R$color
 com.google.firebase.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.R$id
 com.google.firebase.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.R$string
 com.google.firebase.R$style
 com.google.firebase.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
vn/hunghd/flutter/plugins/imagecropper/R.java
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$anim
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$animator
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$attr
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$bool
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$color
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$dimen
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$drawable
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$id
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$integer
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$interpolator
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$layout
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$menu
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$string
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$style
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/api/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.api.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/hustlance/fullscreen/R.java
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$attr
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$color
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$dimen
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$drawable
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$id
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$integer
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$layout
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$string
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$style
 com.hustlance.fullscreen.R$styleable
com/google/firebase/analytics/connector/R.java
 com.google.firebase.analytics.connector.R
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/messaging/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.messaging.R$styleable
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/jakewharton/threetenabp/R.java
 com.jakewharton.threetenabp.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_analytics/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_analytics.R
com/google/firebase/installations/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/connectivity/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.connectivity.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
androidx/multidex/R.java
 androidx.multidex.R
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/webviewflutter/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.webviewflutter.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
com/google/firebase/messaging/R.java
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R
 com.google.firebase.messaging.R$string
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
com/dexterous/flutterlocalnotifications/R.java
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$attr
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$color
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$dimen
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$drawable
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$id
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$integer
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$layout
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$string
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$style
 com.dexterous.flutterlocalnotifications.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$animator
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
com/google/android/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.R
com/google/android/datatransport/runtime/R.java
 com.google.android.datatransport.runtime.R
com/google/firebase/measurement_impl/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement_impl.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
io/github/ponnamkarthik/toast/fluttertoast/R.java
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$attr
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$color
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$dimen
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$drawable
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$id
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$integer
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$layout
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$string
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$style
 io.github.ponnamkarthik.toast.fluttertoast.R$styleable
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/stats/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.stats.R
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/cloudmessaging/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.cloudmessaging.R
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/google/firebase/components/R.java
 com.google.firebase.components.R
com/yalantis/ucrop/R.java
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$anim
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$animator
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$attr
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$bool
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$color
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$dimen
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$drawable
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$id
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$integer
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$interpolator
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$layout
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$menu
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$string
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$style
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
com/google/android/gms/measurement/sdk/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.measurement.sdk.R
com/google/firebase/encoders/json/R.java
 com.google.firebase.encoders.json.R
com/google/firebase/firebase_core/R.java
 com.google.firebase.firebase_core.R
com/google/firebase/measurement/R.java
 com.google.firebase.measurement.R
com/google/firebase/iid/internal/R.java
 com.google.firebase.iid.internal.R
io/flutter/plugins/imagepicker/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$xml
io/flutter/plugins/firebase/core/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.firebase.core.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/google/firebase/datatransport/R.java
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$color
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$id
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$string
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$style
 com.google.firebase.datatransport.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
com/cutit/technource/BuildConfig.java
 com.cutit.technource.BuildConfig
com/google/firebase/installations/interop/R.java
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$attr
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$color
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$dimen
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$drawable
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$id
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$integer
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$layout
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$string
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$style
 com.google.firebase.installations.interop.R$styleable
androidx/webkit/R.java
 androidx.webkit.R
 androidx.webkit.R$attr
 androidx.webkit.R$color
 androidx.webkit.R$dimen
 androidx.webkit.R$drawable
 androidx.webkit.R$id
 androidx.webkit.R$integer
 androidx.webkit.R$layout
 androidx.webkit.R$string
 androidx.webkit.R$style
 androidx.webkit.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R$id
com/google/android/gms/ads_identifier/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.ads_identifier.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
